So if you've completed your creation of free accounts successfully,
you will get to this screen and you can scroll down to the very bottom,
and this is the option that we would choose in order to use Splunk today,
which is Splunk Enterprise,
which is also something that you would use in an enterprise application.
So since my machine is Mac OS,
I'm going to choose that option but depending on your operating system,
you can either choose Windows or Linux and follow through.
The steps are not very different.
So I'm not going to repeat all these steps for you.
But if you have a Mac OS,
you can follow along.
If you do not have a Mac OS,
if you do not have the Mac OS,
click to the correct one and follow along.
So I'm just going to get the DMG downloaded.
So I've started the download and it's going to take some time
while it finishes that and in the meantime,
I would show you how to run that same or download it from the Command Line using w get.
You just need to run this in your terminal and it would do
the same thing that is doing with the actual DMG download.
So why don't you go ahead and give one of these a try?
Okay. So my Splunk download has just finished and I'm going to open it
like any other application that I download
and I'm trying to install this right now on my local.
I'm going to double-click on install Splunk.
Continue continue agree.
Installation type is fine.
You need to give it permissions for installation.
So now it's giving me an information about brief installation initialization.
I'm going to allow it.
It will run a few initialization steps.
Now, this admin name and password is something that you need to remember
because this is what you would use in order to log in
to your local instance when you start the application.
So here it says, confirm the password.
So the password did not meet complexity requirements.
So I am going to add something that is longer than my password.
Okay. So it just finished doing the initialization
and I'm going to start and show Splunk. All right.
So by default, the application started on port 8,000.
So that is what is here I can see here.
This is your local instance and this is how you would log into Splunk.
Like I'd mentioned that you need to remember the installation password and username.
So I'm going to plug in.
You can choose to check that out and provide data.
But here we go.
We have our Splunk instance running locally.
Now, you have it running locally,
but this is what you would use or a local instance is what you would use
when you're trying to test something locally or you're trying to do a POC.
But this is not what do you would run in a big enterprise application.